[MRG] polish text (#10)
dib-lab/2020-workflows-paper: content/01.abstract.md

As both sequencing technologies and data have proliferated, the bottleneck of biological sequence analysis has shifted from data generation to analysis.
Fortunately, analysis tools and techniques have evolved to cope with this ever-increasing flood of data.
Reliable and user-friendly workflow systems and software management have emerged to facilitate interrogation of many thousands of samples.
Driven and adopted by the open source scientific community, workflow systems improve reproducibility and sharing in data-intensive biology.

> When combined with standardization of protocols for fundamental steps like quality control, researches can spend less time rewriting common analyses and more time examining biological intracacies of their data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When combined with standardization of protocols for fundamental steps like quality control, researchers can spend less time rewriting common analyses and more time examining biological intricacies of their data.
```
